DM Force SSL for Expression Engine 2
=========

For servers with an SSL certificate - this plugin allows you to control whether or not your templates display under https.

A template tag is also available to ensure EE generated forms submit to SSL where required. The plugin works by redirecting from the http version of the page to https.

### System requirements

EE2.1, PHP5 and an installed SSL certificate

### Installing

Place the folder&nbsp;*dm\_force\_ssl*&nbsp;in your&nbsp;*/system/expressionengine/third_party/*&nbsp;folder

Then, add a variable to your&nbsp;*/system/expressionengine/config/config.php*&nbsp;file:

`$config['force_ssl']&nbsp;=&nbsp;true;&nbsp;`

Set this to false to disable to plugin whilst leaving tags in place (for use in non-ssl development environments etc)

The following tags are available and should be placed at the very top of your templates.

### Force tag

This tag is used to force a tempalte to display under SSL.

The built-in redirect() function is used to adjust a page if it is not already under SSL

#### Example

`{exp:dm_force_ssl:force persist_flashdata="feedback"}`

#### Parameters

##### persist_flashdata=

`persist_flashdata="var1,var"`

A comma-separated list of Flashdata variables to persist across the redirect

### Unforce tag

Identical to above, except forces a page to not use SSL. Useful if your navigation is not absolute as it allows an escape from server-hungry SSL requests.

#### Example

`{exp:dm_force_ssl:unforce}`

There are no parameters or variables with this tag

### Form paths tag

This is useful if you need to ensure that any absolute form action paths generated by subsequent {exp} tags (for example Search)
 retain any current https protocol. No redirect is made, but the core system variables are adjusted.

#### Example

`{exp:dm_force_ssl:form_paths}`

There are no parameters or variables with this tag

Force SSL was written for a specific requirement. No further development is anticipated.